hey guys i'm showing you how to do these
nails today um there ikat kind of snails
they're inspired by a post i saw on
lucky magazine's tumblr there's a few
months ago and i said hey in our january
magazine edition we're going to have a
tutorial on how to do these and i was
like awesome these are so cute i really
want to know how they did them turns out
it was a tutorial on how to put on nail
decals and just like general nail health
that's not what i wanted and i think
that's not what a lot of people on it
because we little nail art junkies want
to know how they did the actual nails
like paint and a nail polish well does
that sound so I thought I would take it
upon myself to make a tutorial on how to
actually do these nails and so um here
they are I hope you like them I'll show
you how to do them this if you have any
suggestions on what kind of tutorials I
should do if I if I should even do more
tutorials how I can be less really
really awkward on camera talking to
myself um yeah just let me know so uh
hope you enjoy it
colors I'm using for this tutorial are 0
p is polgar the top blue from their
shrek collection obviously this little
essence color and go guy that is called
wake up um just sally hansen and stirred
I whirlwind white and a black Milani
nail art striper guy but I'm going to
start off with a base of this guy that's
really pretty and the post i did on
tumblr urgently of this look the ikat
nails i had a much lighter face but i
was on vacation and I did not have all
my colors so I like this one a lot
you
so for the second part of this little
ikat tutorial excursion whatever the
hell I'm saying I'm just going with
white I'm gonna make some really random
little chunky blobs just kind of take
the little fat dashes you don't have to
do all this in one stroke or two or even
five get into a shape you like it's
you're going to make this as big as you
want like the whole shape to be the
blacks outline is only going to go a
little bit outside of that so do like
two or three in each nail that if you
get a little messy around the edges
nobody cares it kind of look like weird
clouds right now not not too cute but
they'll get supa dupa cute and a little
bit so don't stop watching because nail
art always look pretty stupid like
halfway through after you've let your
white dry pretty much it's not
completely dries it's not really much
the end of the world you'll be okay I'm
you're going to go in with your orange
and more little dashie stripes this is a
see this a flat brush so I'm probably
going to use the side of it not the
better side that thinner move using it
just make little dashes around I love
the way this blue and orange looks
together I think it is so pretty
you
so after you've done these orange bits
both in you don't want to get this nail
polish I'll chunky like it looks really
weird right now but the black really
just ties it all together I promise and
if not I'm just gonna scrap this
tutorial and go cry my dad um just gonna
take a little striper brush if you don't
have one of these black acrylic paint
regular black nail polish and any kind
of nail art brush I any tiny brush I
would find one right now but there's
nothing close to me and I am so easy so
just with the same little teeny strikes
you've been doing on this whole design
for some reason this straight guy that I
got is like really watered down and it's
kind of annoying it's not so pick as
other ones I've gotten from the same
brand it's really bizarre go around the
outlines cover up you don't really want
any white in between um the black and
the orange that and then just make a
little shape in the middle it it doesn't
matter what kind of shape just generic
blob if you will um yes these same
little dashie movements it is so easy it
fit looks messy like this is so messy
but it's still pretty freakin cute and I
really like it am I sometimes wish I
didn't have such a short attention span
with my nail polish so I could keep
really cute things on for more than 20
hours
you
so here's the final look nice and bright
it's fun it's not really appropriate
force winter but uh who cares I I like a
when my hands are really pale I really
like how these bright colors pop against
them and I don't like the cold and I
don't want to think about the gold so
I'm going to pay whatever the hell I
want on my nails I don't need to do dark
and snowflakes all the time that's not
very fun so yeah I hope you like this
tutorial if you tried this out and you
loved it or if you hated it I don't care
I would love to see photos of it let me
know how this tutorial is what I can do
to make them more clear um do my
suggestions for me anything you want me
to do for you ND to Tory wouldn't want
to see I am all ears or eyes because
I'll probably be reading it so yeah